README.md, before:

# furniture-shop
Future Furniture Project 3

...........

## Setting up my workspace

- Created a new repository on the Github named ismet94/furniture-shop
- Save to desired directory
- Created a base folder structure this included the images folder, icons, file, css, js and scss using the make directory command as seen below:
```
mkdir "name of folder being created"
```
also used the touch command to create my files.
```
touch "name of file being created"
```
- Cloned the furniture-shop to the desktop uising gitBash command as seen below:
```
git clone https://github.com/ismet94/furniture-shop.git

```
- Pushed all code to the Github and adding a message to keep track of the code im uploading, below are these commands:
```
cd furniture-shop
git add .
git commit -m "Message to display on the github website"
git push -u origin master

```
- When working on another workbench the git pull function was used.
```
cd furniture-shop
git pull

```
- Updated Readme file on a regular bases.
- Created Live Link as listed below.


## Live Link

- 

## Prevalent Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- SASS
- Javascript
- GitBash

### Other Technologies Used

- Photoshop CS6
- Macromedia Freehand 11
 

Technologies and Tools Used:

- HTML5 Guide Book
- Google Research
- GitHub Articles
- W3schools
- Coolers.co

Languages:

- HTML
- CSS
- SASS
- Javascript


Tools:

- GitBash
- Github
- Visual Studio Code
- Google Chrome
- Microsoft Edge
- WordPad
- Photoshop CS6
- Macrodmedia Freehand

### Changelog

2019-03-07:
- Created repository on github
- Base folders added
- Created all needed files
- linked scss to css
- Readme Created 
- Added structure in index.html
- Updated Readme file

## Contributors

Ismet Samsodien - 2019

Commit message:

layered and styled index.html and added images and icons

README.md, after:

# furniture-shop
Future Furniture Project 3

The Future... We often think about future objects and elements in our daily lives from clothing to cars. Now we have incorporated the future into furniture. 

## Setting up my workspace

- Created a new repository on the Github named ismet94/furniture-shop
- Save to desired directory
- Created a base folder structure this included the images folder, icons, file, css, js and scss using the make directory command as seen below:
```
mkdir "name of folder being created"
```
also used the touch command to create my files.
```
touch "name of file being created"
```
- Cloned the furniture-shop to the desktop uising gitBash command as seen below:
```
git clone https://github.com/ismet94/furniture-shop.git

```
- Pushed all code to the Github and adding a message to keep track of the code im uploading, below are these commands:
```
cd furniture-shop
git add .
git commit -m "Message to display on the github website"
git push -u origin master

```
- When working on another workbench the git pull function was used.
```
cd furniture-shop
git pull

```
- Updated Readme file on a regular bases.
- Created Live Link as listed below.


## Live Link

- 

## Prevalent Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- SASS
- Javascript
- GitBash

### Other Technologies Used

- Photoshop CS6
- Macromedia Freehand 11
 

Technologies and Tools Used:

- HTML5 Guide Book
- Google Research
- GitHub Articles
- W3schools
- Coolers.co

Languages:

- HTML
- CSS
- SASS
- Javascript


Tools:

- GitBash
- Github
- Visual Studio Code
- Google Chrome
- Microsoft Edge
- WordPad
- Photoshop CS6
- Macrodmedia Freehand

### Changelog

2019-03-07:
- Created repository on github
- Base folders added
- Created all needed files
- linked scss to css
- Readme Created 
- Added structure in index.html
- Updated Readme file

2019-03-08:
- Created code structure for index.html
- Created the header and navbar
- Populated Navbar
- Updated Readme

2019-03-11:
- Created each section for index.html
- Populated each section with provided code
- Created Grid layout for each section
- Added colours and fonts

2019-03-12:
- Continued with code structure
- Photoshoped new featured images to desired look and feel
- Created clog section
- Created footer
- Updated Readme




## Contributors

Ismet Samsodien - 2019
